c:\users\tomasz\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MonoDroid.Calendar\MonoDroid.Calendar\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\tomasz\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MonoDroid.Calendar\MonoDroid.Calendar\bin\Debug\MonoDroid.Calendar.dll
c:\users\tomasz\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MonoDroid.Calendar\MonoDroid.Calendar\bin\Debug\MonoDroid.Calendar.pdb
c:\users\tomasz\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MonoDroid.Calendar\MonoDroid.Calendar\bin\Debug\MonoDroid.Calendar.dll.mdb
c:\users\tomasz\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MonoDroid.Calendar\MonoDroid.Calendar\bin\Debug\MonoDroid.Calendar.apk
c:\users\tomasz\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MonoDroid.Calendar\MonoDroid.Calendar\bin\Debug\MonoDroid.Calendar-Signed.apk
c:\users\tomasz\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MonoDroid.Calendar\MonoDroid.Calendar\obj\Debug\MonoDroid.Calendar.dll
c:\users\tomasz\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MonoDroid.Calendar\MonoDroid.Calendar\obj\Debug\MonoDroid.Calendar.pdb
c:\users\tomasz\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MonoDroid.Calendar\MonoDroid.Calendar\obj\Debug\android\bin\MonoDroid.Calendar.apk
c:\users\tomasz\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MonoDroid.Calendar\MonoDroid.Calendar\obj\Debug\res\layout\main.axml
c:\users\tomasz\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MonoDroid.Calendar\MonoDroid.Calendar\obj\Debug\res\values\strings.xml
c:\users\tomasz\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MonoDroid.Calendar\MonoDroid.Calendar\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\tomasz\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MonoDroid.Calendar\MonoDroid.Calendar\obj\Debug\res\values-hdpi\dimens.xml
c:\users\tomasz\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MonoDroid.Calendar\MonoDroid.Calendar\obj\Debug\res\values-ldpi\dimens.xml
c:\users\tomasz\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MonoDroid.Calendar\MonoDroid.Calendar\obj\Debug\res\values-mdpi\dimens.xml
c:\users\tomasz\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MonoDroid.Calendar\MonoDroid.Calendar\obj\Debug\res\drawable\typeb_calendar_today.png
c:\users\tomasz\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MonoDroid.Calendar\MonoDroid.Calendar\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\icon.png
c:\users\tomasz\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MonoDroid.Calendar\MonoDroid.Calendar\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\calendar_week.png
c:\users\tomasz\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MonoDroid.Calendar\MonoDroid.Calendar\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\background.png
c:\users\tomasz\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MonoDroid.Calendar\MonoDroid.Calendar\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\background.png
c:\users\tomasz\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MonoDroid.Calendar\MonoDroid.Calendar\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\calendar_week.png
c:\users\tomasz\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MonoDroid.Calendar\MonoDroid.Calendar\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\tomasz\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MonoDroid.Calendar\MonoDroid.Calendar\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\icon.png
c:\users\tomasz\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MonoDroid.Calendar\MonoDroid.Calendar\obj\Debug\res\drawable-ldpi\icon.png
c:\users\tomasz\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MonoDroid.Calendar\MonoDroid.Calendar\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\tomasz\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MonoDroid.Calendar\MonoDroid.Calendar\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
